Port raindrops test-suite to support Data.Text (#853)
exercism/haskell: exercises/raindrops/.meta/hints.md

## Hints

You need to implement the `convert` function that returns number converted to
raindrop sound. You can use the provided signature if you are unsure
about the types, but don't let it restrict your creativity:

```haskell
convert :: Int -> String
```

This exercise works with textual data. For historical reasons, Haskell's
`String` type is synonymous with `[Char]`, a list of characters. For more
efficient handling of textual data, the `Text` type can be used.

As an optional extension to this exercise, you can

- Read about [string types](https://haskell-lang.org/tutorial/string-types) in Haskell.
- Add `- text` to your list of dependencies in package.yaml.
- Import `Data.Text` in [the following way](https://hackernoon.com/4-steps-to-a-better-imports-list-in-haskell-43a3d868273c):

```haskell
import qualified Data.Text as T
import           Data.Text (Text)
```

> - You can now write e.g. `responseFor :: Text -> Text` and refer to `Data.Text` combinators as e.g. `T.isSuffixOf`.

Reviewer: Come to think of it, perhaps this is superfluous with the "You can then replace ..." sentence in a bullet below.

```suggestion
- You can now refer to `Data.Text` combinators as e.g. `T.pack`.
```
